# Towards Personalized Privacy-preserving Truth Discovery over Crowdsourced Data Streams

Abstract—Truth discovery is an effective paradigm which could reveal the truth from crowdsouced data with conflicts, enabling data-driven decision making systems to make quick and smart decisions, especially for real-time scenarios. However, the increasing privacy concern promotes users to perturb or encrypt their private data before outsourcing, which poses significant challenges for truth discovery in streaming data. Although several privacy-preserving truth discovery mechanisms have been proposed, none of them take personal privacy expectation into consideration. In this work, we propose a novel personalized privacy-preserving truth discovery (PPPTD) framework over crowdsourced data streams to achieve timely and accurate truth discovery while guaranteeing the protection of individual privacy. The key challenges of PPPTD lie in improving the accuracy of truth estimation from the perturbed streaming data with personalized protection level. To address these challenges, we first develop a personalized budget initialization mechanism to quantify each user’s privacy protection requirement, and allocate personalized privacy budgets to users according to their privacy requirements. Then we propose a deviation-aware weighted aggregation method to improve the accuracy of truth discovery from streaming data with varying degrees of perturbation. In order to achieve privacy-utility tradeoff, we further propose an influence-aware adaptive budget adjustment mechanism that adaptively re-allocates privacy budgets to users based on the evolution of their influence in the weighted aggregation. We prove that PPPTD can achieve n-differential privacy over the whole data generated by users and satisfy individual personalized privacy requirements. Extensive experiments on two real-world datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of PPPTD. 

### Index Terms—Crowdsourcing, truth discovery, privacy preserving, personalization, streaming data
